README <Cartoon>

Hand-in: This is my final hand-in.

Overview:
        My cartoon displays two rabbits that are chatting around a table. The label at the top changes depending on
        whether or not the rabbits are near the table. They eat a piece of food on the table each time
        a "eat" button is clicked. When the user clicks the "n" key, the rabbits are in a night setting.
        There is a quit button that quits the program.
        This cartoon is based on one of my favorite images of two rabbits having tea at a villa.
        Both my mom and I love this image. We hope to enjoy a tranquil lifestyle
        and family fond moment like the two rabbits.

Design Choices:
        I've made several special design choices in this project:
        1. There is an abstract Rabbit class inherited by two sub-classes called Rabbit1 and Rabbit2.
           This is because the two rabbits have similarities, such as the shapes as they body parts and the color
           of certain elements. However, they also have some differences. The colors
           of their bodies are different and they are placed in different locations within their panes.
           The body part variables in the Rabbit class have the default instead of private access modifier
           because they need to be accessible to the Rabbit1 and Rabbit2 classes.
        2. The key handler is in the pane organizer class instead of the cartoon class. This is because the key handler
           needs access to the root pane after it has been instantiated and the different elements have been added to it.
           The key handler sets the background image for the root pane. If the key handler were in Cartoon and used the
           get root method in pane organizer, the root will be null and the background image cannot be added.
           This is also why there is a get label method in the Cartoon class that allows the Pane Organizer class
           to access the label and change its text in the key handler. I've decided that it would be easier to use the
           get label method and have direct access to the root by placing the key handler in the Pane Organizer class.
        3. There are four getter methods that return the food shapes in the Table class. This is because the Cartoon
           class needs access to the foods in order to make them disappear when "eaten".

Known Bugs: None

Hours: This project took me approximately 10 hours to complete.
